Attached to this lecture you find this example project here.
Now on the first look it might look nice but it has one fundamental issue.
We can switch to page this year.
We get some tabs at the top but these tabs are not working and therefore what we see on this home page
are actually all the components.
I later want to split up over multiple pages or multiple pages in quotation marks I should say in this
module we do have the home servers and the user's page.
And as you can see here we got users servers and the home page on the same page.
So that is something we can improve but it would be nice to have separate pages pages as I said.
So a slash user's page or a slash service page and so on.
So this is what we're going to work in this module and for this we need route's we need the angle a
router and angler a router needs to know which routes our front an application has.
So you might notice a pattern from a full stack application where you also register some routes the
user can then wizard.
We can do the same and Engler and we will do this in the next lecture.